what's up tennis fans I'm Lauren Lynch
and this is tennis now your source for
the latest status news now Manic Monday
begin with Venus Williams serving a
tough test and ended with andy roddick
suffering a shocking setback three-time
Wimbledon finalist Roddick held served
the entire match until the final game
and win y/n soon's lose passing shot
past Roddick the world number 82 from
Chinese Taipei completed a four-hour
36-minute upset to reach the Wimbledon
quarterfinals I was fighting all the
time and in the end even though I was
thinking it was a dream or something
said knew who had suffered for
consecutive first round Wimbledon exits
Lou is the first Asian men to reach a
major quarterfinal in 15 years he will
face world number 3 Novak Djokovic for a
semi final spot it is a gut-wrenching
lost erotic who only lost served once
and dropping the 2009 final to Roger
Federer in the final set Roddick hit 38
aces and only face two break points
today but still came up short in the
second longest match of this fortnight
and said this loss will sting of course
I'm going to be pissed off tomorrow if
you got fired from your job you wouldn't
wake up in a great mood a frustrated
Roddick told the media Roddick who only
converted one of eight break points and
played more passive tennis on critical
points admitted his shaky return of
service cost him the match it wasn't my
serve it was my returning it was crap
said erotic credit to him he deserved to
win more than I did that's for sure
radix loss means there are no more
American men left in singles field as
Sam Querrey lost to Anna Marie earlier
today on the women's side world number
one Serena Williams saved three set
points to be Maria Sharapova in a
rematch of the 2004 Wimbledon final
Serena will face China's nalli in a
rematch of the australian open
semi-finals meanwhile kim clijsters came
back from a one-set deficit to defeat
rival justine henin and third-seeded
caroline wozniacki and 42 Jelena
Jankovic were both taken out climber's
takes a 13-12 lead
in her head-to-head series with headin
and will carry a 50 career record into
her match with the 21st seated Verrazano
raiva who ousted Yankovic the winner of
that match could play five-time champion
Venus in the semifinals I can't believe
we're back in these kind of situations
clyster said we played really good
tennis we showed some good stuff today
former world number one jennifer
capriati was rushed to the hospital
early Sunday morning in Florida after
suffering an apparent overdose according
to the website tmz.com TMZ reports the
call came from a hotel in Riviera Beach
Florida the 34 year old capriati was
taken to the hospital according to the
report Stefano capriati Jennifer's
father and former coach told TMZ she's
recovering well serena williams who had
a long rivalry with her said today she
would reach out to offer help to
capriati whose past struggles with drugs
have been well publicized I will pray
for everyone involved if there's any way
I can do anything to help reach out I
definitely will do that Serena said
during Wimbledon last year capriotti's
career was cut short due to injuries and
she told tennis now's Richard pagliaro
that watching the Grand Slam of tennis
was painful for her I don't go out of my
way to follow it but you know it's a
little difficult it's a little emotional
at time to watch the Grand Slams knowing
that I could and probably should still
be there playing so that can be tough at
times capriati said well that wraps us
up for today be sure to catch record
breaker john isner on the late show with
david letterman for more details on
these juicy stories log into tennis dad
calm and follow us on Facebook YouTube
and Twitter I'm Lauren Linton this is
tennis now thanks for watching and see
you tomorrow
you